DOCS-938: Document Vision Service API (#1567)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/vision/classification.md

# Grab Viam's vision service for the classifier
my_classifier = VisionClient.from_robot(robot, "my_classifier")

> # Get the top 2 most confident classifications from the camera output

Reviewer: I don't think a classification can be confident. How about
```suggestion
# Get the top 2 classifications with the highest confidence scores from the camera output
```

    logger.Fatalf("Cannot get Vision Service: %v", err)
}

> // Get the top 2 most confident classifications from the camera output

Author: ```suggestion
// Get the top 2 classifications with the highest confidence scores from the camera output
```

defer release()

// Apply the color classifier to the image from your camera (configured as "cam1")

> // Get the top 2 most confident classifications

Author: ```suggestion
// Get the top 2 classifications with the highest confidence scores
```
